Peggy's 16
I must break free of this myself
think he's okay it'll take more than
what's in there to kill our been bro is
Lee you are the one I must serve now I'm
sure of it I couldn't just sit around
waiting for things to happen taking
action suits me much better strength is
the ability to make that what you
believe in a reality come and get it you
won't lay a finger on my lord I've lived
my life for my talent my genius I won't
let anyone get close to my lord chaozhou
master it's all red and master Ponte are
there they should still be holding fast
what's all this annoyed
cannot allow you to do such a thing in
other words a frontal assault simply
isn't an option I know you're all
probably aware but we're seriously
outnumbered
naturally I have no plans to die
this feeling almost akin to love do you
believe this battle
it will
tabrina slipped into this conflict
that is the role
one who walks half of the comfy